everybody to stay an acid with leading
through and I am down here today at
thirteenth Street guitars in Huntington
Beach California as I've said before the
only place in Orange County to get work
done on your instrument this is the best
place everybody here are wonderful
people and I wouldn't take my guitar
anywhere else today I'm going to do a
couple things for you that are slightly
different I'm going to do a couple
little exercises for everybody just to
work on some various techniques first
thing I'm going to show you is a picking
lick just picking it is really simple
it's just a matter of working it up to
speed we're going to take the d
mixolydian shape of the key of G wrong
people out there that are paying
attention to what I'm saying
again a little more
we're going to take this lick and we're
going to descend and a group of six
another lick that i'm going to show you
it's going to be faced I've taken the
pentatonic scale may go free Don for
string click one more time like
this
now we're going to pick this time we're
going to descend and group of seven
notes so it'll sound like this hello
what
always want to play number groupings
they create a nice rhythm for you while
you're picking all right I think we'll
do one more thing be a little bit more
thorough we're going to talk about sweet
picking really quick we're going to take
at C major arpeggio visited oce right
extended across all this green whenever
we're going to be pinging is always
record to just isolate the motion on the
top three strings what I got going on
the down stroke to start with
and here constable you can introduce
somebody on the street you can add some
notes in the arpeggios nothing had
happened
fun the whole family hi everybody I want
to make 13 Street guitars for allowing
me to come down today and do all this
for you like I said don't go anywhere
else in Orange County this is the place
to be thank you very much
you